Update Redis Sentinel NetworkPolicy Rules (#42)
powerhome/redis-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - [Update Redis Sentinel NetworkPolicy Rules](https://github.com/powerhome/redis-operator/pull/42).

Reviewer: Minor wording change to reveal intent of the change

```suggestion
- [Sentinels shoud only be allowed to talk to pods belonging to their RedisFailover Custom Resource](https://github.com/powerhome/redis-operator/pull/42).
```
